Updated tag policies and added to monitor overview (#16954)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notify/_index.md

### Tags

Add tags to your monitor. Monitor tags are different than metric tags. They are used in the UI to group and search for monitors. If tag policies are configured, the required tags and tag values need to be added. To learn more, see [Tag Policies][6].

> {{< img src="monitors/notifications/notifications_add_required_tags.png" alt="Policy tag requirements" style="width:100%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="monitors/notifications/notifications_add_required_tags.png" alt="View of policy tag configuration. Underneath 'Policy tags' are three tags, cost_center, product_id, and env, next to a 'Select value' dropdown." style="width:100%;" >}}
```

> {{< img src="monitors/notifications/notifications_add_required_tags.png" alt="View of policy tag configuration. Underneath 'Policy tags' are three tags, cost_center, product_id, and env, next to a 'Select value' dropdown." style="width:100%;" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="monitors/notifications/notifications_add_required_tags.png" alt="View of policy tag configuration. Underneath 'Policy tags' are three example tags, cost_center, product_id, and env, next to a 'Select value' dropdown." style="width:100%;" >}}
```
